V3.5 (#1313)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/dms/index.md

| RDS MariaDB        | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |
| RDS MySQL          | Kinesis     | full-load, cdc  |

## Resource Browser

The LocalStack Web Application provides a Resource Browser for managing:

- [Replication Instances](https://app.localstack.cloud/inst/default/resources/dms/replication-instances)
- [Endpoints](https://app.localstack.cloud/inst/default/resources/dms/endpoints)
- [Replication Tasks](https://app.localstack.cloud/inst/default/resources/dms/replication-tasks)

You can access the Resource Browser by opening the LocalStack Web Application in your browser, navigating to the **Resources** section, and then clicking on **Database Migration Service** under the **Migration and transfer** section.

<img src="dms-resource-browser.png" alt="DMS Resource Browser" title="Cognito Resource Browser" width="900" />
<br><br>

> The Resource Browser supports CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on DMS resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Resource Browser supports CRD (Create, Read, Delete) operations on DMS resources.
```
Update operations for DMS are not yet supported on the api level
